[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So I want to take
just a little detour here and
talk about some binding confusions.
And I'm not just making this up,
this is actually, this is fake code, but
this is distilled from an actual question
on stack overflow that I ran across.
And it's not the only one,
where people try to create this
connection between these two
models that we've presented,
between the lexical scoping mechanism,
and the this scoping mechanism.
And the way that it usually occurs is,
somebody has some other
function somewhere.
Like the baz function here on lines
five through seven, maybe that one's
declared as part of a third party
utility that they don't control.
So they don't have any control over it,
but
they know that that function makes
a reference to something like, this.bar.
And then they have a function that they
do control, like the function foo, and
they've got a local variable inside
of their function called bar.
And they wanna be able to invoke that
function in some way that when he
makes a this.reference, it will reference
their own local copy of the variable.
And that may or not be something
you've ever attempted to do, but
people attempt to do this,
where they take some function, and
make it reference their own
local lexical environment,
make the this reference somehow cross
over to their own lexical environment.
What I will say, plainly,
is it is impossible to create a crossover
between the lexical environment and
the, this, binding mechanism.
They're just two fundamentally different
mechanisms and they don't cross over.
But there's an attempt that
people make to do this,
and it's a well meaning and
well spirited attempt.
Here I'm trying to say I want to call this
function in such a way and make it so
that that bar variable
references my bar variable.
And so what you can see here is they're
trying to get this reference to somehow
magically local lexical context.
We don't have any reference to
our own local lexical context.
It's a thing that exists, but
we get no reference to it in our code.
So we don't have a way to tell them,
make this point to my electable context,
and yet people attempt to do this.
So this question was post on stack
overflow, I'm attempting to do this.
Again, it was a different
form of the code, but
I've distilled it down to the problem.
This is what I'm attempting to do and
it doesn't work.
And I was dismayed to
scroll down a little bit,
and to see the first answer was the one
with the big green check mark on it,
and it literally had several
thousand up votes, and
I looked at the code that was posted,
and I'll show you again
the distillation of the code that
was posted, it is abjectly wrong.
And yet thousands of people have
upvoted it as the correct answer, and
people are giving it
the green check mark and
saying well this is
obviously the right code.
It's a testament to the fact that people
are not rationally thinking about the,
this, mechanism the way it actually works,
they're thinking about it
the way they want it to work.
So, I just want to
caution you against that.
I want to call it out.
I want to show you how incorrectly
they tried to solve this problem.
This is the distillation of the way
They said, okay, well, what I really need
to do is I need to make that baz function,
I need to make a local reference to it.
So, I'll say,
this.baz is equal to baz, and
then I'll invoke that function
as my own local context.
And that will somehow magically,
kind of import that function back
into my local lexical environment.
And then therefore,
it'll be able to reference the bar.
And again, this is the answer that
got a lots and lots of upvotes.
It's like nobody actually tried the code
because the code is still objectly broken.
It doesn't actually work.
But everybody thought that this was the
correct answer and I'll explain to you,
based on the same rules that we've already
learned why this is objectively wrong,
why this doesn't work.
In the previous code we were attempting to
somehow make the this reference here on
line seven reference our
own lexical context.
So the way they tried to solve that was
say, well if I make a this reference here,
and I sort of import the function,
that should work.
But as I already explained to you,
the, this reference,
gets set by the call site
of the function call.
So to ask on line three,
what does my this reference look like?
I need to ask where does foo get
called and how does it get called?
So we come down to line 11 and we say,
which rule would apply when
line 11 executes the function?
>> Speaker 1: This is global?
>> Kyle Simpson: It's gonna be the global.
Because we're in non strict mode, and
the default binding role will apply,
does everybody follow that?
So on line three, we are essentially
saying global.baz is equal to baz, but
there's already a global.baz.
This is a complete no op,
it's complete nonsense.
It's a testament to somebody not
actually understanding the mechanism
that they're writing about.
So this is a complete no op,
this line here.
On line four, we're saying global.baz.
Now when the baz function is called,
what is the call sign for baz look like?
Which rule will apply?
>> Speaker 2: Default isn't global.
>> Kyle Simpson: Not the default rule,
the implicit binding rule,
because look at our call site.
We have an object.reference here.
So, there's a containing object, but
it happens to be the global object still.
So, it's still,
just like the previous slide,
it's still going to be global.bar here.
It's not going to be the global
bar that you want it to be.
And no matter how hard you
try I put this challenge,
I tell people not to do this and
people always take it as a challenge.
I can figure out a way.
I assure you, no matter how hard you try,
there is no way to create a crossover
between this mechanism, the way it gets
bound and your local lexical environment.
Put metaphorically, if we go back to,
sorry let me go back a few slides,
put metaphorically,
what you are attempting to do,
I assume that you probably have
this here but not all use that.
Do you have those little cross bridges
between tall buildings, where.you're
on the tenth floor, and you can walk
across instead of going all the way down.
So what you're attempting
to do metaphorically,
is to create a crossbridge
between your two buildings.
And what I'll just tell you
is that it's impossible.
You can't create
a crossbridge between them.
They're two separate mechanisms,
like they're two separate buildings, and
you can take one elevator, or
you can take the other elevator.
But you can't take both
of them at the same time.
It's just not possible.
Okay?
So, your brains may attempt to do that,
and if you ask a question at some point,
and I refer you back, and
I say you're trying to create a cross
bridge, it's not possible, that's why.
I just have to remind you that,
regardless of what we attempt to do,
there's no way to make those two mix.
They're two separate mechanisms.